README.md, before:

# Ubuntu Config

## Instructions

### SSH to Droplets
Generate the local SSH keys
```bash
ssh-keygen -t
```

Then copy the public key to the Digital Ocean droplet
> Note: The file in `etc/hosts` first needs copying to `/etc/hosts`.
```bash
ssh-copy-id root@sladesoftware-droplet-01
```

### Changing the themes
Install the Gnome Tweak Tool and extensions to apply the themes
```bash
sudo apt install gnome-tweak-tool gnome-shell-extensions -y
```

Themes are stored under `.themes/` and icons are stored under `.icons/`. Both
folders need copying to the home directory.

> See: https://www.makeuseof.com/tag/install-change-ubuntu-theme/

Current theme selection:
- Appearance
  - Applications - Adwaita-dark
  - Cursor - DMZ-Black

- Top Bar
  - Application Menu - ON
  - Battery Percentage - ON
  - Activities Overview Hot Corner - OFF
  - Date - ON
  - Seconds - OFF
  - Week Numbers - OFF

### Making the Dock Transparent
> See: https://askubuntu.com/a/1031335

Run the following in the terminal
```bash
gsettings set org.gnome.shell.extensions.dash-to-dock customize-alphas true
gsettings set org.gnome.shell.extensions.dash-to-dock min-alpha 0
gsettings set org.gnome.shell.extensions.dash-to-dock max-alpha 0
```

## Software
### Curl
```bash
sudo apt install curl
```

### Git
```bash
sudo apt install git
```

### Visual Studio Code
Install from the Ubuntu Software Center

Extensions:
- Debugger for Chrome
- C# (powered by OmniSharp)
- Docker
- Material Icon Theme

### Spotify
Install from the Ubuntu Software Center

### Docker
Follow instructions from the official
[Docker CE](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/) documentation.

Once installed, to enable use of the Docker CLI commands via a terminal without
requiring `sudo` to be used each time, run the following commands in the terminal:

```bash
sudo groupadd docker
sudo usermod -aG docker $USER
newgrp docker # This prevents having to log out and back in
```

### .NET Core
Follow instructions from the official
[.NET Core](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/linux-package-manager/ubuntu18-04/sdk-current) documentation.

### NodeJS and NPM
Follow instructions from the official
[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/nodesource/distributions/blob/master/README.md#debinstall).

## Author
By Samuel Slade

Commit message:

Added HMRC Basic PAYE Tools Ubunty installation instructions to README

README.md, after:

# Ubuntu Config

## Instructions

### SSH to Droplets
Generate the local SSH keys
```bash
ssh-keygen -t
```

Then copy the public key to the Digital Ocean droplet
> Note: The file in `etc/hosts` first needs copying to `/etc/hosts`.
```bash
ssh-copy-id root@sladesoftware-droplet-01
```

### Changing the themes
Install the Gnome Tweak Tool and extensions to apply the themes
```bash
sudo apt install gnome-tweak-tool gnome-shell-extensions -y
```

Themes are stored under `.themes/` and icons are stored under `.icons/`. Both
folders need copying to the home directory.

> See: https://www.makeuseof.com/tag/install-change-ubuntu-theme/

Current theme selection:
- Appearance
  - Applications - Adwaita-dark
  - Cursor - DMZ-Black

- Top Bar
  - Application Menu - ON
  - Battery Percentage - ON
  - Activities Overview Hot Corner - OFF
  - Date - ON
  - Seconds - OFF
  - Week Numbers - OFF

### Making the Dock Transparent
> See: https://askubuntu.com/a/1031335

Run the following in the terminal
```bash
gsettings set org.gnome.shell.extensions.dash-to-dock customize-alphas true
gsettings set org.gnome.shell.extensions.dash-to-dock min-alpha 0
gsettings set org.gnome.shell.extensions.dash-to-dock max-alpha 0
```

## Software
### Curl
```bash
sudo apt install curl
```

### Git
```bash
sudo apt install git
```

### Visual Studio Code
Install from the Ubuntu Software Center

Extensions:
- Debugger for Chrome
- C# (powered by OmniSharp)
- Docker
- Material Icon Theme

### Spotify
Install from the Ubuntu Software Center

### Docker
Follow instructions from the official
[Docker CE](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/) documentation.

Once installed, to enable use of the Docker CLI commands via a terminal without
requiring `sudo` to be used each time, run the following commands in the terminal:

```bash
sudo groupadd docker
sudo usermod -aG docker $USER
newgrp docker # This prevents having to log out and back in
```

### .NET Core
Follow instructions from the official
[.NET Core](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/linux-package-manager/ubuntu18-04/sdk-current) documentation.

### NodeJS and NPM
Follow instructions from the official
[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/nodesource/distributions/blob/master/README.md#debinstall).

### HMRC Basic PAYE Tools
Follow [the official guide](https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/getting-basic-paye-tools-working-on-linux/getting-basic-paye-tools-working-on-linux) for installation instructions on Ubuntu.

## Author
By Samuel Slade
